[Workers] Add warning about breakpoint debugging in remote mode (#11757)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/observability/local-development-and-testing.md

}
```

3. Open your project in VS Code, open a new terminal window from VS Code, and run `npx wrangler dev` to start the local dev server.

4. At the top of the **Run & Debug** panel, you should see an option to select a configuration. Choose **Wrangler**, and select the play icon. You should see **Wrangler: Remote Process [0]** show up in the Call Stack panel on the left.

5. Go back to a `.js` or `.ts` file in your project and add at least one breakpoint.

5. Open your browser and go to the Worker's local URL (default `http://127.0.0.1:8787`). The breakpoint should be hit, and you should see details about your code at the specified line.

{{<Aside type="warning">}}

> Note that breakpoint debugging in `wrangler dev` using `--remote` could extend Worker CPU time and incur additional costs. It's recommended to use `wrangler dev` in local mode by specifying no `--remote` option or with `--local`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that breakpoint debugging in `wrangler dev` using `--remote` could extend Worker CPU time and incur additional costs. It is recommended to use `wrangler dev` in local mode by specifying no `--remote` option or with `--local`.
```
